I thought I was just like a speaker.
You're a statement.
You're trying to say the case speeches about wanting to get this thing over.
If you like to look for the speaker, you're scared.
And I hope that the time comes when we get the bias and the legislative plans.
But what this problem is, so that we can go out there together.
I just feel that my system is still a little bit silly.
Hope we can work it out.
So, do you challenge my position when I ask for a room in the room to get tired and let you not see your colleagues on this committee who seems to touch that document?
In apprehension, that they will be doing something here, we do, and all.
Did you not look this way, rather, with the seat?
I think that's a great statement.
That is, not the best push to pursue.
To try to look at the questions resolved through legal and proper processes.
So, for some of you who are right, thank you.
But what was me say to, I feel, I think everyone was watching you felt, that you were indicating that you felt it was wrong for an investigating committee to get any information as a stand by the way.
If you were, if that was incorrect, I think that you should correct the record now, Senator.
Because this can have a very serious flexibility for an ability to get information.
I won't think I am wrong. I want to say that I take the position that the father who takes the document is committing a fail or violating the law.
When I doubt that anyone is authorized to receive it, and I think that should be fair enough, as you indicate it, I think, there is perfectly so a moment ago.
You may not always reach out to the committee, and if not wrong to know that I'm proceeding easily, then they're receiving such information.
If you miss all of that, as a position I have taken, and I thank you for, may they choose just this before I move or someone, I don't know who, as being a stack of dick.
I don't know what a stack for no other could be. We should get it unstacked. I can put a hand on the frame.
And get right here. Would you pass it back?
You don't have to pass it back.
Even if the position is pressed, all I want to do is establish it as a fact so we can all proceed according to the law.
If your position is incorrect, and the law should be what you intend it is, then you're the considerumending the law.
Are enacting a statute that will not be received your legal?
That's all I'm trying to do, Senator.
I thank you for you, Mr. Senator.
The minutes are so long and clear.
Back in 1912, I was a handful, pretty much the only order but we have to beg.
And at that time, my fellow professor, Senator Bob O'Fall, has seen you.
He produced a bill that was passed as far as I know a civil war today.
It provides that every individual in civil service has the right to give to finish,
quote, information either out of Congress or any committee or members of the law.
And that's right, you're not getting it very good.
Now, that is not a list. That's not a list. That's not a list of me, legal information.
That wasn't, that wasn't, that wasn't good.
That's someone taking a class as a five-dog, and then I think it can be the wrong person.
I don't think that any government employee can deny the people they write to know the fact that I'm using a law for some amplacian.
I'm not saying something.
The question is a legal question.
I don't think that's the truth about some sort of animal.
I don't think that's the truth.
That's all I'm trying to do.
But as long as the government is better than the government, in the hope that you will write about your administration
that is restraining you and that we can get away from all of us.
And get down to the procedure that we all recognize and acknowledge as being the law of the land.
So I was very affluent to recognize all your colleagues here in the two-step and the council
that this committee had selected in these decisions, which is just the document.
And I think it's very new on the road as to how we were proceeding when we were in the law about the law of the young and about.
And I think it's very important that I do whatever I can be certain that's all I'm interested in.
It's not something to me, I think it's very clear, so there's no question about it.
So I got to see who tries to sustain me or vice versa.
My life is in the end of the committee.
I will receive all the information I can get about wrong during the executive branch.
I will give that information to the American people.
I understand that you have a mission.
And it will give, I will protect anyone who gives me that information.
Well, I don't bring it that's protected and it will give you information.
That is not the question of the mission.
The question is, will you use all information and the curing of information that may constitute or need to be given to the government of it?
And I think that is the issue that I want, sort of, because I...
When the Democrats get here, I will proceed within the law.
So I can answer, probably, as far as it is, if you're a long time to debate this, you can still have Democrats get in.
But I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Before I send a direction, I know that the person that begins to question that.
You didn't want to answer that, did you?
That was a mistake.
Just chairman, I nearly want to make one observation on the general question of the informants.
It involves it once a legal question and a moral question.
And I don't believe government can be on both sides.
Now it runs in my mind that in 1852, Congress passed the law, which is setting effect on any citizen of the country.
If you were to form on somebody who has, say you would to pay attention.
Or on a hundred methods.
Or there will be a rule in the form of a 20% of the recovery.
If memory serves me correctly, the informer statue to the true sign that I am making is still on the statue to us.
And as a matter of fact, it was modified somewhat by Congress a few years ago.
Now, if government says to its people through the funders now it will inform on your fellow citizens,
you will receive a question of whatever you can.
There is a moral abstract in the matter.
I'm just wondering where you place the divide as well.
And it gets not an easy question there.
Well, I may say something about it.
If you have fellow law, who have some books to me in the years providing that we give a bonus to individuals
who give information about financial wrongdoing.
It is completely incomprehensible to say, but you must keep information about the prison secrets you can't give that to the country.
It works, and it's probably, I just want to raise this one question.
I'm pressing out.
There is a law.
I'm frankly disturbed as you are about this thing.
But I protested just over the court here since it might be so.
I have the utmost personality that has been barged in those throughout the same new agit.
I just want to get a question so there is other.
If we call it as an narrative, that would be a bad fallout.
I think that can be an information through a thought solution.
It's a question that is much of no easy solution.
I mean, my approach at legalistically is to try to look on outside.
But I'm wondering about it this idea.
It's like a suit, a document in a file of which two men had a knowledge.
If it's telling the end to the end, it could be resolved and giving aid and comfort to the end, which is the extra definition for truth.
Suppose one of the truth should say, I want to get a friend who would translate this to the end of it,
and the other would not assume of his interview to be sent to it, and then went to complain to a superior who will about it,
and got to know such a fact the end state.
And then, all into the attention of some of the other half to some.
Now, a legal involved of where you saw the line where the security of the country could last,
and it might be a pretty easy solution.
Sure, there is one of the two individuals,
there is an ingrained sense of lawyer's vision, the lawyer's vision,
and the lawyer's vision says, this is the case.
If you give it, and while I get no conflict with my superior by telling him,
but you have this in mind, I'll call up one of the scientists and tell him about it.
Question is, what about the legal aspects, but what about the moral aspects of the conflict?
I think it raised a problem in front of the point, so all it doesn't require any answer of any kind.
I personally feel that the oaths that every individual takes the time,
this country is all enemies for and the message,
places upon him the heavy responsibility to bring to the Congress any information,
a wrongdoing for the matter of not being taken care of properly by his superior.
Take the Harry Dixon White Chase, for example,
if someone in the executive department had come to the Congress of that time,
given the information which we got, after Harry Dixon White was dead,
it might have meant to many men who are dead today would still be living.
We know now we had a tough time despite the Treasury Department working money system in China,
planning our occupations in Europe.
So I may say, Senator, I feel a strong way that this isn't even a close question.
I think that oaths to defend your country against all enemies for and the message,
powers above and beyond any loyalty you might have to the head of the Bureau of the Head of the Department.
Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Kennedy, I'm still in trouble about the list of employees of the committee.
So Colonel Murray, I've been informed that Senator McCarthy wishes to see the list
before it's committed to the Pentagon.
No, is that correct? Could it be that?
Senator, I have a question.
Mr. Kennedy, could I have a visitor to the list?
A recess, two minutes.
Here he is for about, not over five minutes.
I think that it is a matter of public record.
The list of employees on every committee, I think, says that.
I believe the law requires that they'll be public for beginning each year in the conventional record.
And a list of all people out available for the record.
No, no, no.
There's no point in anyone taking vital time in the committee on this.
Of course, the names are going to be supplied.
May the people of the committee be sent to the committee to talk to you.
You have just heard that Chairman Month declared a three-thirds answer.
The ABC Television Network is bringing you the complete hearings into the McCarthy Army controversy.
Senator McCarthy is returning to the witness chair.
He is on his left, Mr. Frank Carr and his right, Mr. Cohn, as you see it on your screen.
He will be elected behind in a large parking space, containing the records and the notes of this hearing.
And the regimes to the Anacines be in charge of those notes and material and need passeth into the senator to Mr. Cohn and Carr if they are needed.
I'm on the recess.
The introduction has just concluded his ten minutes go around.
The next committee member in order is Senator Jackson.
Mr. Chairman, I think it's a hand for the two-minute recess.
I was called back to my office over the question, but I'm not...
Mr. Walsh, anyway, I'll start the names of the staff members.
They can have their names of all staff members.
It's almost new mail. I would like to check over the list and make sure that you have all those who are working with the staff.
And if you want those, it would want to be all right, so throw them out.
The staff members are public.
No reason why anyone should have their complete list.
And it's one of the last ones published in there.
That's correct.
I think that is in January that we're not here today.
The staff members are public.
No reason why anyone should have their complete list.
I'll give one a call.
I'll give one list.
If you will, Mr. Walsh, and one to seven times in a minute, then we'll have everybody in position of the faculty.
The staff members, you have ten minutes.
I'll pass.
I'll ask them questions.
You have ten minutes.
I ask your question.
And if your question is my memory is all yours.
I'd like to ask a question again.
If you are a person who authorized to receive this document under the law, there is no violation of the law.
If you are not authorized to receive the document, there is a violation.
If you're simple as that, it does not appreciate it, just in no answer if you can give one.
Nothing is wrong with that, sir.
Now, I understand you believe that it's permanent chairman of the staff committee on investigation.
You are an authorized person to receive classified documents, is that right?
I'm an authorized person to receive information in regard to any wrongdoing and executive branch.
And when you say classified documents with the timing, then certainly I am not authorized to receive anything which would devolve the names of, I will say, informants of Army intelligence.
I mean, which would, or anyway, compromise and investigate a technique.
Not sort of thing.
But as chairman of this watch star committee, I think that's what's in the following.
I see why I'm in duty to understand any inflatable or ongoing.
Well, now let's take a typical illustration.
I agree with Senator Jackson's settlement, this is a fundamental proposition and it may be the one good thing has come out of it, hearing too quick and analyzed.
I believe it's probably the main in this government, to those who most of that security matters might possibly be the executive secretary of the National Security Council.
Now, most of the second secretary of the National Security Council decide that he has some information which he thinks is a derogatory and he believes that somebody on the National Security Council say the director of mobilization is doing something which is against the best interest of the country.
And does he have the right to give you a classified document, I think?
Well, look, there's something in your mind.
The number of assumptions in my question of which I didn't agree, I think the land in the west and more prominently qualified.
There are many questions security and I don't like to write these quote tales also.
I know he showed me a lot of them, getting rid of a sore over the past 32 days.
And that's the exact correct.
As far as the National Security Council is concerned, the executive secretary.
The executive secretary, Mr. Bundae.
Why isn't it the chairman? Mr. newcomer, I believe as he lives on working with that individual. Mr. Bundae, as you very well know, Senator, has...
I don't know anything about the funding of the UN.
Well, we discussed it in a regular session with you.
Well, let me make another illustration.
Suppose that the deputy director of the CIA believes that he has information to show that the director of the CIA is functioning against the security of the United States.
The deputy director reporting for the director.
So he has the right to bring a classified paper down here to you as chairman of this committee.
Well, first, Mr. Femme, you must not worry too much about the paper, but rather the information.
The deputy director of the CIA, or anyone else, has information that anyone is guilty of wrongdoing.
Then he should bring that information to the representatives of the people.
Namely, yourself, some demand, any of us, for my money, is quite bad. I'm not sure if it should bring it.
To my number, that's fair, because they say that they will explore these names.
Well, that's Kevin.
I'm quite a person, forbidden.
Then you're allowed out of my question.
Senator, you haven't heard this Democrat say anything exposed to any name.
I do know that.
Senator, if you just heard the unwritten, I can't go through the testimony now, but I will be glad to see the opening of the afternoon.
The question is, what kind of a view, but you would give the names of any of your informants.
I thought that was an unwise decision.
Well, I am. That was your offer, and I did that picture down at the rest of it.
I told you I could get asked.
You've been John Harnett, told you that anyone else has never made an statement.
And the chair said he believes that Senator Miss Smith has made this today.
And today, he did not say for giving out the names of the public.
Senator, I'm not going to know what I want.
I didn't want you to know.
Senator, if Senator Fallon can read the read, I think this would be a great benefit right now.
Because, as you know, as a Mayor, we've got 47 Republicans and 48 Democrats wanting to fund them.
We don't know who will be the chairman of this community after the first of the year.
If the Democrats...
Now, you may not be...
No, no, no, no.
This is not a big, kind of question.
Why is this not a big question?
Could we, could we now...
You and I are both set of the public.
You will either be the chairman of the right and the Democratic member.
I will either be the chairman of the right and the Republican member.
Can we now say to the public...
Say to the people working in government.
But if they know of any wrongdoing,
that no pony stamp of secrecy or classification should keep that from the Congress.
Can we agree now, John, that if anyone brings you in information or any information,
if they do that in a confidential manner, that their names will not be...
If we do that, we do that.
I'll do any more information very frankly, if they do it legally.
No, their names will not be given out.
I will not protect people in crime.
Now, I have to defend, and that's the issue I'm trying to get settled.
But if you want to take the other position, that's your privilege.
That I say frankly, that I will not protect people in crime against my government.
In some summer, after giving information, I don't want to put a position you took with respect to...
The one who gave you the document that you thought was legal and you had a right to it.
I would certainly agree with you that you were under no obligation whatsoever to give his name.
That position I take, but I will back to the position and the path of all.
But I will not come bold.
Fine.
So, in some time, I don't know what your position is.
In some way, don't we do this?
And I don't want to pursue this.
And I think whether we're all right enough to do anything.
Can we agree that if anyone in government knows any wrongdoing, whether it's left, or it's treason, or it's come that's in so fresh.
But if they come to you, if they come to me, that we will consider that they are doing their duty,
and that they are not guilty of any crime, because the law says they have the right to do it, they take an oath of law to protect this nation.
If we get a green map, some say it's an operation.
If we have some say it may have been a green map.
Then I think that much of the time which might otherwise be considered wasted would not be wasted.
I say that you would answer the bad if one brings to me a classified document.
And I am with the opinion of the US Biologist of the Law, then I will be under no obligation to keep those names secret.
And until you can settle that question, I cannot swallow.
I guess I'm going to have to go to the other side of this year.
Mr. Chairman, Chair believes now that one of the final persons will settle the cause of any crime clearance, certainly sending the McCarthy head.
I just want to say that one of the final persons will settle that.
Make it very pretty, Chair.
I don't think there's anything in the record on the part of any of us on the Democratic side that we would not accept information of wrongdoing from individuals in the government.
The FBI operates on the premise that it must get information from people.
But that is one thing to talk about a employee coming up to the hill and say so and so maybe violating the law
is doing things that are wrong and report to a privilege, report for a member of Congress's privilege.
I think every citizen has an obligation to report violations of law.
But this is one senator who wants to make it clear that a employee is a government and a citizen has no right to violate the law
to report a violation.
They can come up and say so and so is a crook down in a government yodel look into it.
But that doesn't give the citizen the right to take classified secret documents.
Up to the hill, in violation of the statute of Congress, there's a vast difference.
I don't believe the FBI has people in the law and violate the law in order to give them information.
Now all of us want employees all citizens to report to them violations of federal law or Congress has jurisdiction.
And I don't want the record to stand that at least I, as one member of this committee,
I'm not interested in getting information of wrongdoing.
That's one thing but to ask an employee to commit a wrong in order to report a wrongdoing is something else.
But this I don't think you like.
This is the generally I assume that's the nature of a person I've known.
Some of Jackson makes a very unusual statement here.
He tells that it will be a violation of the law using the certain circumstances of a report to wrongdoing.
Now that's not the right senator.
Whenever there's any wrongdoing in draft corruption, racism,
the person who reports that to the Congress cannot be guilty of any wrongdoing.
And when I say that I just, when I have 30 seconds of Mr. Chairman,
I, if everything is possible, as a chair, and I'll try and get my demo, that thing, come back on the committee.
I felt that the work of some important we should have on here.
I've all of that the highest respect for the Summars of Mark and Saul.
I just wonder now whether it is wise, mean, and follow the best word of it,
and where I'm modifying it, and effect subtle employees,
that they should not give us evidence of wrongdoing.
And some of the jacks, I'm going to take that.
You are, whether you're bitter or not, senator.
Anyone that you've got to give it a good jury here on the television audience?
I think any man that has two and two assume that you are saying that if someone brings you evidence of wrongdoing,
so that is improper if he may be violating an order of his department here.
Take take for example, some of the signs.
I think you and I should be at the beginning of the reading,
we read him the work of the other day.
It's new secrecy rules, and a part of that's the way.
The secrecy rules became effective, I believe, in April this year.
The right of the fair, where they couldn't stand something secret under any presidential record.
They could stand before official use only.
A rather fantastic document.
I think that we can gain something here, if all of the centers could agree.
We got to put it, we got to democrat our republican party in the White House.
And the time may even come, we have a democrat, I hope not.
But we do not have any secrecy rules that prevent a federal employee from giving members of Congress and the wrongdoing.
If we could agree on that, we would have accomplished something.
So, let me FPI as a top secret document, carrying it up to a number of Congress on the Hill and the Fiance of an order of J. Edgar Hoover and during the right thing.
It could give me a long doing within the federal government.
I don't know if anyone who is in the federal government.
I didn't ask that question, I said supposing.
I said supposing a clerk in the FBI.
As in, here's her custody, top secret material and the specificity of the law and the property of wrongdoing and not handling it properly.
If we're perfectly all right for that, we're going to bring it up to any member of Congress and chairman of the committee in the Fiance of an order of J. Hoover.
Number one, you are assuming a metric of Hoover.
We would try to protect wrongdoers, may it be I have wronged?
That's what we're talking about yet.
No, that's wrong. Mr. Hoover would not.
I think the best of them for the implementation.
The ones where it's not there next year.
He can't be there for every month or year.
Your question is if someone knows the example, let's make a specific comment.
If someone knows, I'll be in the press for a moment.
If someone knows the example, I'll be going to the press.
My name is...
Chair agrees with that.
I was in a press conference.
I'm going to send a Jackson by the way until he's next door.
I'm going to send him a guy to the press and discuss with him.
That's right.
I'll be in the press.
I'm waiting.
We've been waiting.
The other two representatives are state of their positions.
I'd like to say bye.
All the government agencies, executive branch and are ran.
My office was always open.
Do any differences in any person before?
The day has something that was so far.
It's not doing right or they were getting a fair deal.
I would say that at least 90% of the cases
there's a investigation, a misunderstanding.
The following that would either come to me with this problem
or something that he always entirely wrong.
As to the other things I'd say I also believe crime is wrong.
And I'll believe in a government.
I'll believe it.
Just a unanimous man.
That's right.
I'll believe crime is wrong.
I believe the government is wrong.
Now may I continue with it, Christy?
Because I understand kind of going back to life
and you believe that it's permanent chairman of the Subcommittee on investigation.
You are an authorized person to receive classified documents.
Did that right?
First of all, some of the...
I assume you may have that comment that you may have wanted to comment on.
I would say when you admit that the phone's open,
the crime is wrong, but I agree with you.
Now, number two.
There's one thing that's not getting any.
And remember, it was deep enough about a document,
but what about a letter?
So there's a letter of water waiting for us in place.
That the summary is surely added.
And I'm going to have a few questions.
As I understand some of you are going back to the last one.
Do you believe that chairman of the Subcommittee on investigation?
You are an authorized person to receive classified documents.
The answer letter is...
What's the timing from that?